Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
America martyred our commander.
Death to America!
After threats from the President
and military
of the criminal state of America
to attack many targets in Iranian territory
in case we retaliate.
our armed forces
are ready to respond.
The region is at heading 320.
Is it an active region?
There are lights.
At heading 320?
I can't tell. but it seems west.
What kind of a light is it?
It is a missile.
How many miles? Where?
Oh my lord. what was that?
What is that. Mahdi?
They attacked somewhere.
What were you doing that day?
It is difficult to talk
about it. but I will try.
Some parts I will. some I may not.
The day before. I cleaned up the house.
It was a work day.
but I cleaned the house.
I was cleaning the bathroom.
It is impossible for me to talk about that day.
I got on the airplane.
Many passengers recognized me.
We embraced. Even the passengers.
I saw Javad and Alireza for the first time.
Saloome...
and Amir.
The four of us combined...
No. there were five of us.
We had lost ten people.
Certainly no missile has hit it.
But we must investigate the reason.
When we arrived
at the Iranian border.
there were media reports that
the plane was shot down.
I went to the rear of the airplane.
to get some water.
Three men stood up on my way back.
They said.
"When you arrive in Iran...
there will be TV cameras.
The situation will be tense."
I told them I don't care
and won't talk to them.
We took the Firooz Kooh Road.
Parisa loved that road.
I couldn't see the mountains and forests anymore.
I only remember the screams.
Everyone was screaming.
"I miss them."
I raised my child so she would love Iran.
To feel she belongs to that country.
She was proud of being born
in Tehran.
She said she is an Iranian-Canadian.
It is difficult to spell.
The wolf bites?
Or the Fox is black. Is that hard?
Yes. it is very hard.
You hanger-on!
Bye-bye.
My friends suggested to bury the girls in Iran.
My friend asked if I would bring them back.
So he can say goodbye.
I said no.
The thought of it is maddening.
We were not in a position to decide.
Or where they will rest in peace.
Someone who loves life can't rest in peace.
We hadn't even discussed these things.
Maybe we had. I can't remember.
It was an hour before I heard
the Islamic Republic admitted they shot the plane.
It appears there was a communications breakdown.
Either due to jamming.
or the network was busy.
He was unable to communicate.
He had ten seconds to decide.
He could fire or not.
A thought flashed in my mind like lightning.
If we bury them here.
they will be labelled
as martyrs.
Bury them where they want.
They will be present with their TV cameras.
Death to the US!
At that moment. we decided to bring them back.
It became my mission.
It helped me to survive those two weeks in Iran.
It became my reason to live.
Later. it became a fight for justice.
My dear Parisa. I fought hard.
With tearful eyes. a broken heart.
I fought for you.
I wandered the hallways of
their hellish foreign ministry.
I wandered in their wretched morgues.
I pleaded with everyone in that pigsty.
To bring you and Reera back.
To remove every obstacle in my way
and bring you home.
I feared that they would try to stop me.
They might arrest me or the other families.
They murdered and now oppress like always.
Some anonymous people
were watching.
There was so much fear.
Everyone was worried
my plan would be discovered.
I got a call around 5:00 AM.
The Canadian team arrived in Iran.
They told me that they were in Tehran.
We arranged to meet them
at 5:00 PM.
We talked about the meeting location.
They suggested to meet near Pars hospital.
They asked if I knew where it was.
Reera was born there.
I met them at 5:00 PM in front
of the hospital.
where we waited for Reera's birth.
We sat in a cafeteria nearby.
I asked for three things.
First. Parisa and Reera
must be returned to Toronto.
Second. I needed help with my family.
Most of them had visas.
My brother and Parisa's brother didn't.
I asked for visas for both of their families.
So they could attend the burial ceremony.
And my safety so I can do this.
They agreed to the first two.
But advised me to lay low.
That became my mission.
I kept contact with the Canadian government.
They told me to hide myself.
I should stay home and they will help me.
The family held a memorial in Sari. They had to.
That was also being watched.
It was like martial law.
There were agents across the street.
It was at the smallest mosque in Sari.
I did not attend.
When the victim ID list was released.
Parisa and Reera were not among the first fifty.
I was very sad.
The first 50 must have been easier to identify.
The day we went to
the coroner's office.
We found the place.
When we entered. the guard was rude.
"Is it the airplane? Go inside."
There was a commotion inside.
Dozens of people were crying.
I waited for the judge.
It took half an hour for this judge...
...to grant us an audience!
There was a large table in front of him
covered in fruits and sweets.
Like a sultan's court.
Drinks. tea. A feast for his honour!
I sat across his desk like a peasant.
You have to accept your position
once you enter this establishment.
I said I am taking them to Toronto.
"Oh yeah! To Toronto?" he said.
"Alright."
As he was talking to me.
his finger was in his mouth
dislodging food!
A woman began to protest.
Her family calmed her.
The officials remained quiet.
They knew how guilty they were.
DEATH TO THE LIAR
I speak as a mourning family in grief.
As people who are like the walking dead.
I hold out my chest.
And plead to be arrested here.
Execute me right here.
After my child. I want no life.
I sensed that another country far away...
was mourning this loss together with us.
And this was giving me hope.
That I can pursue justice...
when I return to Canada.
Madam. don't film.
I wanted to go to the Canadian delegate's hotel.
Stay with them even in the hallways.
To be with Parisa and Reera on the same plane
because they will not allow
the transport.
We arrived in Toronto.
we were on our way
from the airport.
The house was all I had left.
They are dried up.
I haven't collected
the letters yet.
They shouldn't get ruined in rain.
I didn't find the time to reply to them.
The flowers and candles.
I couldn't answer them yet.
I don't know when I can.
When?
I don't know if I should leave them or take them?
I am in agony.
And these thoughts increase my pain.
You want to hold on to the past.
But some things are more powerful than you
and bring you to your knees.
It is unbelievable.
It is twisted.
No one can explain how life changes.
The upstairs hasn't changed since they left.
I am living every day with their memory.
I am fighting for them every day.
This is how I find the will to continue.
It is all in this house.
When I am away for a few hours...
I miss the house and must go back.
The first thing I wrote when I got out.
Those criminals. the generals and mullahs...
I didn't let them reach you and your daughter.
My plan was to launch a lawsuit in Canada
to seek justice.
I was going to fight alone...
And take this to the courts.
But meeting with lawyers.
that was a rude
awakening for me.
They said if I want the truth
and get justice.
the Canadian government must act
to petition the International Court of Justice.
Several months passed and nothing happened.
We tried to pressure
the government.
the foreign minister.
minister of transportation.
We were told that things take time.
There is little room for hope.
But we must keep trying.
What is it?
It's a missile.
We must know what happened.
Strange things happened
that night.
There is something about this flight.
that led to their attack.
I mean. there is a mystery
in this case.
The most important thing is investigation.
We want to know what happened.
If they claim it was
"human error". what caused it?
Keeping the sky open wasn't human error.
They sent bulldozers on the first day.
They removed everything.
Madame. don't film.
Okay.
They robbed all of the valuables.
Without exception.
None of the victims' valuables were returned.
The relatives can confirm that.
The 752 case is not about air safety.
There is no aviation safety issue
other than a military act
against a civilian aircraft.
There was no technical issue with the airplane.
There was no air traffic issue at the airport.
There was no radar or air traffic control issue.
There was no technical or air safety problem.
The only issue was that a military.
security system...
Positions an air defence battery
near the airport...
And that is where our story begins.
They submit to investigations.
We have a right to be present...
in any examination
of the black boxes.
We will not surrender them to others.
What does that mean? How much longer?
Negotiations can't take forever.
Hello. how are you?
Mr. Esmaeilion. I have only 7 or 8 minutes.
No more.
so I will get to the point.
Okay. go ahead.
I have things to tell you.
It is up to you to believe me or not.
- Yes.
- I live in...
I don't need anything.
No need for money. or to come to Canada.
I have a friend...
He works in one of
Iran's intelligence organizations.
He told me things about that night.
He talked to me about that night.
About who they removed from the plane.
He had some documents with him.
I saw those documents.
Photographs from
the command centre.
The papers that were exchanged.
He had a lot of documents with him.
Why was he afraid to show these to the media?
He said it's not just the Iranians.
the Russians are also after him.
I asked what the Russians
have to do with it.
It wasn't just the Iranians.
the Russians were involved.
He has a lot of documents
about the plane that night.
A lot of documents. a lot of information.
I can tell you that this person
is the black box of that night.
If you are serious
about the truth.
if you really want to know
what happened that night.
this person can give you
all that information.
In any court.
Let me add something else...
I was walking yesterday.
A woman approached me.
There was some small talk.
She had Reera's health card.
It's the only thing left
from Reera...
Was delivered to another family.
The only item.
Hello. how are you?
Hello.
Thank you very much.
Thanks. How did this reach you?
A friend gave it to me.
It's been a few months. I couldn't reach you.
You had it for a few months?
Very kind of you.
This is the least I could do.
- Thank you.
- Anytime.
In our case. every conceivable
crime has been committed.
Every filthy thing you can think of.
Even torturing family members.
They used the passengers as a human shield.
We believe they fired intentionally.
I will leave it to others to prove.
Every day they said some nonsense on their TV.
From their leader to some petty officer.
Saying it was a spy plane.
we are happy we shot it down.
We want to stop a big war...
with a war.
This is our only option.
We had to surprise the enemy.
We had to deceive the enemy.
We had to be prepared for retaliation.
We took our game of war to the end.
This was not a battlefield where...
we think we would attack and that will be the end.
Put yourselves in our place.
We hit the American base.
He claimed to target 52 points.
He reacts.
What do you do?
What will he do in return?
We were the source of the theory ourselves...
that our missile might have been fired.
Only because it happened at the same time.
And if we were not the source...
for shaping this theory...
no one could find out.
We did not touch anything.
Neither removing the airplane pieces
nor disturbing the scene.
Nor moving the missile unit.
Neither the radar graphs.
Down with the Islamic Republic!
Justice! Justice! Justice!
The so-called statement has no legal basis.
And cannot determine the deadline.
If there is any will and intent...
for an impartial.
independent investigation...
based on the law and justice...
the judge must rectify
the shortcomings.
Justice! Justice! Justice!
Where innocent people come for justice...
they shut them up.
They won't let their voices be heard.
They don't listen to their protests.
The judge in charge is hiding.
The prosecutor lies.
The investigator secretly closes the file.
Why should the government in Canada
go as fast as you want?
What happened so far was due to your persistence.
What would happen if we weren't there?
Without you they'd just offer compensation.
85 Canadians were killed.
Imagine they had no one.
Imagine we didn't exist.
What would you do if you were
Canada's Prime Minister?
They told you their neutrality prohibits them...
from responding to your call for justice?
Yes.
Hello.
- Hello.
- How are you?
Thank you.
I am calling about your message.
Yes. I am at your service.
There is background noise. Can you hear me?
Yes. I hear you. I am playing
prayers so I won't be heard outside.
Can you explain a little more?
There are two letters. There is a lot more.
About that incident.
But to start our work.
so you can find justice
or whatever else in court.
there is a voice recording
from Shamkhani on the night
of the incident.
He tells the aerospace commander...
when the mission is ordered.
Many people have contacted me.
I am responding one by one.
Put yourself in my place.
I must know...
I must see something.
I can send you an extract of the first letter.
Because the rest is sensitive.
I will be in trouble.
You are helping us only for money?
I have money trouble. Yes.
I also don't want my identity to be revealed.
You know what it's like in Iran.
Of course we need the original documents
to use them as evidence.
Of course. I will send you the originals.
No problem.
Very well. I will wait.
- I am at your service.
- Thank you.
Sounded like a military man.
Yes. Religious. military.
$75.000 is not much money to ask.
He is low-balling to lure you in.
It's not because he wants it.
I think he was low ranking.
nothing with authority.
Yes.
Will they follow up?
- Will there be a criminal case?
- No.
At the end I said we will go to Ukraine.
- I said we will go to Ukraine.
- Okay.
She said. "Okay. go ahead."
No one should know we are going to Kyiv.
Nothing to worry about. Kyiv is a safe city.
The government officials know about this trip.
There is nothing to worry about.
But no one should know until we return.
I liked this airport.
Now I hate all airports.
It took hold of me since I entered the airport.
I must go on this trip.
I don't want to get on an airplane.
I don't want to anymore.
We are delayed by one hour.
Exactly like flight PS752.
You've been waiting 15 months
for this trip to Ukraine.
More than that. we wanted to go since May 2020.
Then with COVID they re-scheduled for December.
The visit was cancelled at the last minute.
Then they preferred to meet online.
We asked and waited for them to come.
The Canadian Government said no.
And we decided to go. We will go.
Finally. the Ukrainian Justice ministry
is coming to Canada to begin investigations.
I hired a lawyer when I was in Iran
to receive Reera and Parisa's belongings
if they delivered anything.
He sent me some photos later.
Keys. an iPhone and a watch.
He asked if I could identify any of them.
The phone had Parisa's name on it.
I immediately recognized Parisa's Apple Watch.
Push the button.
Let it charge.
Did you see?
I need to know if she was alive...
during those 3 minutes and 42 seconds.
If the heart rate was recorded on her watch.
I know it was two days before.
- On the sixth.
- It was more than two days.
- This is the fourth.
- Here is the sixth.
That is not in Iran.
See if it powers on.
It came on for one moment.
A faint light is on.
Let's see if it has historical data.
I can't see it on mine.
This couldn't happen in the crash.
I want to know if it comes on.
- Plug it in.
- I have once before.
We need to send it in for repair.
But if you send it in. they make you sign...
Look it powered on.
- What do you mean?
- It shows 2:41.
The Iran time is 2:41 now.
What is the time in Iran now?
Yes. it is powered up.
Don't press on the screen.
Just move the knob.
- This one?
- Yes.
Come show me how.
- It moves up and down.
- Can you tap on it?
The last message was mine.
She had another message too.
I can't tap the screen for messages.
Put the SIM card in your phone...
See if it is her phone or not.
I want to know if this is Parisa's phone or not.
- It is like bringing the dead to life...
- It's backwards.
Call my number to see if it works.
- The card is not working.
- How can it be?
This doesn't belong to Parisa.
I don't know if it was me or Parisa...
It was me. Parisa didn't ask these questions.
I asked where she wants to be buried after death.
She said...
"Whatever Reera wants."
When this disaster happened...
I had to answer this question myself.
Where and how.
Reera wasn't there for me to ask her.
But I knew what her answer would be.
It would be in Canada.
And because Parisa loved lakes
and the sea...
I searched to find somewhere near water.
Near a river or a lake.
Now it is near a small lake.
We chose that location.
The symbol on the site was
very important for me...
that it represents three people.
I think all three of us were destroyed.
Two of them left but the third...
is practically gone.
I wanted something beautiful to be left behind
on this earth.
One of them could be the grave site.
People should know about those...
whose lives were unjustly taken.
When I returned from Iran.
I searched her room.
I found her laptop. She didn't take it.
I haven't found the courage to open it yet.
What is the last thing she searched for?
This is her last search.
This was open.
Her mail is open. My God.
WINTER
REERA
PARISA
Remember when you and I began.
you said something that
I completely believe.
There is no justice.
What justice? What will satisfy me?
But it is worth fighting for.
That means if I...
...wouldn't pursue this
as one of the families.
I could never forgive myself.
I couldn't. I had no other way.
What is the right way?
Other than crying out in pursuit of justice.
But the lost right will never be returned.
Ordinary people are helpless...
in getting justice for their loved ones.
There is no light on the horizon.
But we should try. even with a glimmer of hope.
If I will ever have peace in my life again...
It is impossible. I don't believe I will.
Tranquility? What does it mean?
I don't know. peace and calm...
Maybe because I have not experienced it
for the past two. three years.
This word is strange to me... Peace.
It means coming home
with peace of mind.
to have things to look forward to.
To think about them and plan for them.
It is impossible for me to recreate that.
No. Never. I am sure.
Because two years have passed with no change.
I think it will continue like this.
What I can see with the others.
it gets worse for some. but never better.
It stays the same.
I'm reading the news from Ukraine.
Russia has connected Crimea to Mariupol.
They're sending troops there.
There's cholera in Mariupol.
They're opening 10 thousand war crimes cases.
They must investigate them.
There is no end in sight for the war.
Russia has occupied 20% of Ukraine.
War broke out just when
we were getting somewhere.
After 18 months of hard work.
finally convincing the Canadian government.
They weren't opening a criminal case.
The Ukrainian Justice Ministry
team finally arrived
on February 22.
War broke out within 48 hours.
It is not morally right for us to push
a country that has lost thousands...
to prioritize our case for 177 victims.
I will not give up.
I told them a hundred times. I will say it again.
Despite war. elections. government change...
COVID. or anything else that may happen.
Every time we were knocked down.
we got back up again.
It happened many times in two and a half years.
I will not give up.